# Java-FileZipUnZip
Java service that compresses files and folders into a set of compressed files such that of each compressed file doesn’t exceed a maximum size. The same service can be used for decompressing the files that it has generated earlier. The output of the decompression should be identical to the original input of the compression process.

When compression is needed, the program to provide REST that takes 3 parameters:
1. Path of Input directory. This directory will contain some files and folders.
2. Path of Output directory. This is where the program should write the compressed files
to.
3. Maximum compressed size per file expressed in MB.
4. e.g. POST /compress expected params (inputDir=images, outputDir=compressed,
maxSize=4)
5. So in output directory there must be N zipped files of size not more than 4 MB.

When decompression is needed, the program to provide REST that takes 2 parameters:
1. Path of Input directory. This directory contains the compressed files that were
generated by your program.
2. Path of Output directory. This is where the program should put the decompressed files
& folders.
3. e.g. POST /decompress expected params (inputDir=compressed,
outputDir=newimages)
4. So this newimages directory must me same to same as images directory even with M th
level of sub-directories.

Important points

1. Some files may be greater than the JVM memory.
2. Some input files (even when compressed) may be greater than the maximum size
allowed for output files. (e.g. what is file is having size more than 4 MB)
3. program should support different compression algorithms in the future.
